0.  pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is an obscure term ostensibly referring to a lung disease caused by silica dust.
It is one of the longest words in the English language.

1.  getrusage is used as the following line says:
getrusage(RUSAGE_SELF, &before);

getrusage returns resource usage measures for the first parameter which is RUSAGE_SELF.
This means it will return usage statistics for the calling process,which is the sum of resources used by all threads in the process.

The first parameter can be RUSAGE_CHILDREN or RUSAGE_THREAD also.

RUSAGE_CHILDREN means:
Return  resource  usage statistics for all children of the calling process that have terminated and been waited for.  These statistics will include
the resources used by grandchildren, and further removed descendants, if all of the intervening descendants waited on their terminated children.

RUSAGE_THREAD means:
Return resource usage statistics for the calling thread.


2.  struct rusage  has 16 members.


3.  There are 16 members in the struct rusage, if we pass by value that would waste a lot of memory and time, pass by reference would be best option.


4.  main() functions loops over each character in the file text until the end of file.
Then the control can move to three places, for this there are three conditions:

1st case:
if condition will check whether the character is alphabet or if it is an apostrophe, it should not be first character of word.
Now when 1st case is true, control moves to adding the character that was read to the WORD array and doing index++, index stores the count of characters in
the current word.

It also contains a check that if length of word is >45 , we must move to the next word, and index = 0 again.


2nd case:
If condition will check whether character read is digit, if it is , skip over the numbers and index = 0 for new word.

3rd case:
Control moves here when the character read is space or some punctuation mark and index >0.This tells we have a word now and we need to check it for misspellings.
Terminate the current word by using the '\0' character at the end. Word counter is increased.
Now we will check this word for misspelling using the check function and then move on to check for next word, index = 0.

5.  
How the program is designed fgetc would be perfect and we check each char one by one.All the conditions are for checking character.

If we use fscanf with %s as specifier, it will read whole word at once, the problems will be :
1st :  The punctuation mark will also be read with it , it will be difficult to remove it after and check again.
2nd: If we read a word > 45 at once, it will directly overwrite memory may cause segmentation fault.
3rd: It will become really tough and complicated to write logic for skipping alpha-number strings and other conditions.

6.  
check and load are considered const or are declared as pointer to constants, we can't change the data they are pointing to thus it protects 
the code to not to modify the dictionary and word arguments values.
